OSDOCS-15111 created z-stream release notes for 4.19.2 (#95449)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.19.2 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-19-2-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, the installation program checked only the first compute machine pool entry in the install configuration to determine whether to disable the `MachineConfigOperator` (MCO) boot image management. If multiple compute pools were specified (Amazon Web Service (AWS) edge nodes are the only supported scenario), but another compute machine pool had a custom Amazon Machine Image (AMI), the installation program would not disable the MCO boot image management and the custom AMI would be overwritten by the MCO. With this release, the installation program checks all compute machine pool entries and if a custom image is found, the MCO boot image management is disabled. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-58060[OCPBUGS-58060])

> * Previously, if a user specified a custom boot image for Amazon Web Services (AWS) or the Google Cloud Platform (GCP), the Machine Config Operator (MCO) would overwrite it with the default manage image during installation. With this release, a manifest generation was added for MCO configuration which disables the default managed image during installation if a custom image is specified. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57796[OCPBUGS-57796])

Reviewer: Can I ask you to remove _managed/managed_ here? In the docs, we suggest that the by specifying  a custom image, you are enabling image management. 
```suggestion
* Previously, if a user specified a custom boot image for Amazon Web Services (AWS) or the Google Cloud Platform (GCP), the Machine Config Operator (MCO) would overwrite it with the default boot image during installation. With this release, a manifest generation was added for MCO configuration which disables the default boot image during installation if a custom image is specified. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57796[OCPBUGS-57796])
```

* Previously, a validation issue within `oc-mirror` causes the command to reject the `file://.` reference. Users attempting to use `file://.` for a content path received an error message stating `content filepath is tainted`. With this release, `oc-mirror` properly validates the '.' directory reference. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57786[OCPBUGS-57786])

> * The `oc-mirror v2` was not using the correct filtered catalog during its operations leading to errors such as including more operators than specified in the configuration, and trying to connect to the catalog registry during disk-to-mirror workflows even in air-gapped environments. With this release, the correct filtered catalog is used. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57784[OCPBUGS-57784])

Reviewer: Currently, it _could_ be interpreted that the operations are leading to errors, not the incorrect catalog. 
```suggestion
* The `oc-mirror v2` was not using the correct filtered catalog during its operations, which led to errors such as including more operators than specified in the configuration, and trying to connect to the catalog registry during disk-to-mirror workflows even in air-gapped environments. With this release, the correct filtered catalog is used. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57784[OCPBUGS-57784])
```

> * The `oc-mirror v2` was not using the correct filtered catalog during its operations, which led to errors such as including more operators than specified in the configuration, and trying to connect to the catalog registry during disk-to-mirror workflows even in air-gapped environments. With this release, the correct filtered catalog is used. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57784[OCPBUGS-57784])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `oc-mirror v2` command was not using the correct filtered catalog during its operations, which led to errors such as including more operators than specified in the configuration, and trying to connect to the catalog registry during disk-to-mirror workflows even in air-gapped environments. With this release, the correct filtered catalog is used. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57784[OCPBUGS-57784])
```

* Previously, the installer failed when Amazon Web Service (AWS) credentials were not found and the survey was attempting AWS regions preventing users from creating the install-config. With this release, the installer no longer fails when AWS credentials are not set, allow users to input them during the survey. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57394[OCPBUGS-57394])

* Previously, cloning the Red Hat OpenShift Console Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) resulted in an error due to an unsupported unit *B* for storage size. Because of this, users encountered errors when cloning the Red Hat OpenShift console PVC due to incorrect parsing of the storage size unit. With this release, support for *B* as unit of storage size has been removed from the Red Hat OpenShift console PVC. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57391[OCPBUGS-57391])

> * Previously, `OLMv1` was used to install Operators with the `olm.maxOpenShiftVersion` set to  `4.19`.  Due to an issue with the `OLMv1` parsing logic for floating-point formatted `olm.maxOpenShiftVersion`values, the system failed to prevent upgrades to Red Hat OpenShift 4.20. With this release, the parsing logic for  `olm.maxOpenShiftVersion` has been corrected preventing upgrades to Red Hat OpenShift 4.20 when Operators with `olm.maxOpenShiftVersion:4.19` are installed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56852[OCPBUGS-56852])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, `OLMv1` was used to install Operators with the `olm.maxOpenShiftVersion` set to  `4.19`.  Due to an issue with the `OLMv1` parsing logic for floating-point formatted `olm.maxOpenShiftVersion` values, the system failed to prevent upgrades to {product-title} 4.20. With this release, the parsing logic for  `olm.maxOpenShiftVersion` has been corrected, preventing upgrades to {product-title} 4.20 when Operators with `olm.maxOpenShiftVersion:4.19` are installed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56852[OCPBUGS-56852])
```
